# celestial-orbs
### 2024-04-16 15:06 - celestial orbs

all consciousness is essentially this thing that we call "hydrogen". there are smaller hydrogens (subatomically), and as far as I can tell, they appear to fractically get smaller and smaller, the further I look inside of it. what they are is manifestation of frequency -- or the particles in the particle/wave duality. vibration (in this smaller subatomic hydrogen medium) comes first, and that creates bunches of these smaller hydrogens to form what we call "hydrogen" -- and for each of those sub-atomic hydrogens, those are yet still composed of even smaller sub-sub-atomic hydrogens.
	the reason why all of these hydrogens form into clumps or spheres, is that they have a *structure* (3) that holds them all together -- inotherwords, that structure is the vibration which they're all resonant with. the more resonant the hydrogens are with each other, the more dense the sphere will be. each hydrogen (we can think of these as "consciousness units") is slightly different one to another, and they are each, what I call *concepts* (5). often times, there are density layers which form concentrically around the densest part of the sphere. I like to think of the core CUs as having the highest vibration of the thing which (nearly) perfectly matches the whole. the core is then seen as being "solid" or having such a high density, that the CUs themselves aren't really moving around anymore (they may switch positions with someone else, but not orbiting each other like the liquid/gaseous states are). these now pretty much just sit and vibrate in their position (I think of these ones like the *plants*).
	then, around all of the ones that are so similar in vibration are all of the ones which are similar, but also different. the similar, but different ones have orbits to them, because they are similar to the core, such that they stay orbiting around the core (this is what we call "gravity"), and at the same time, they're different enough from the core (causing repulsion), that they're going to be floating/orbiting around the core in some way (I like to think of these ones as the *insects* or as the air/water parts of the orb).
the limit in size (diameter/shape) of the orb will be determined by its *structure*, as all of the composing CUs will remain within that structure. that structure is the container and is defined by things I'm not sure how to name.
	as an example, for a planet the core is solid and stable, and then around it there are all sorts of CUs that are whizzing around it, and those CUs will inevitably collide which causes an equal and opposite reaction, causing them to infinitely go faster and faster (we think of this producing "heat", but heat is just a lower frequency version of this vibration. all of these interactions are producing higher and lower frequency reactions, and the lower frequency results of these interactions can also produce light, sound, etc.) the structure around these orbs isn't a perfect absorber at all and are composed of rules (determined by the CUs theirselves): that rules system says, "OK, when vibrations of these definitions intersect, we want the result to be of this definition:" -- and since no vibration ever perfectly matches, it creates a spectrum of both higher and lower frequency results (the lower ones are defined by CUs rules), producing heat, light, sound, etc. the system for constraining these higher frequency interactions into lower ones, is what keeps the orb together -- cause without it, the CUs which aren't fully attracted to the core would just expand indefinitely (like a gas) -- and if the enclosing structure were a perfect absorber, the internal interactions would rise to such an intensity that the structure would no longer be able to contain it. the structure usually has an upper limit to how high of frequencies it can define/recognise (limited by the CUs ability to vibrate similar to those frequencies), and also have a patterned transformation into lower frequencies (it's desirable to only output new orbs of defined frequencies) -- and so all of the rest of them simply pass out into the beyond.
we can also think of these concentric structural layers as being a way for the orb to recollect and not lose its own energy. this happens both consciously (by rules defining the transformation), and also circumstantially.
	an example of the circumstantial recollection of orbs would be similar to the water cycle on earth: water starts to gain enough heat (which is just vibration which is not the same as the surface that it's sitting on), and so that heat now causes the water to begin to repel the surface of the planet and rise upwards. as it rises upwards toward space, as it's traveling through these different structural layers (troposphere, stratosphere, ionosphere, etc), the impression of that layer/medium will "cool" the water so that it becomes more similar to that structural layer/medium. in that process of becoming vibrationally similar to the medium it's in (say the troposphere), it's regaining its similarity in vibration to the surface of the earth (by becoming similar in vibration to the troposphere), which makes the water float aruond up there for a while in that vibration, until some process causes it to become attracted to the earth once again -- which makes it appear "heavy" and so it falls (is attracted) back down to earth.
[brb, I don't know how to transition into this next bit (difference between stars and planets)]
