# consciousnes

### 2024-05-14 19:27 - becoming	you

there are things that occur before birth which prepare the body for the consciousness that will inhabit it. when I say consciousness, I'm referring to vibrating hydrogen (and the similarly behaving subatomic stuff I don't know what's called). I think of the consciousness as being a concept which can be located pretty much anywhere. though it can be located inside of the sun, or another star, evven those entities have a "source" to them as well, which I will consider the highest frequency (very subatomic) stuff that make "you" up which lives on the edge of the universe (the universal-sphere).
when the body is born, something happens (seems like around the first breath), where the body takes on the vibration of the inhabiting consciousness -- but the signal strength (ie, its amplitude) is very small. the body learns and grows up in the society that it's born into, learning the symbolic things that it's taught. those become the body's default system for understanding reality.
as the body gets older and older, the consciousness frequency that the body was originally tuned to starts to gain in strength. in fact, the more time the consciousness has spent in the body, the stronger the signal will be. when the body is young, it doesn't have much resistance to it -- which just means it hasn't learned much, and so therefore symbolically hasn't been taught a great deal of things that are useful to the society its born into, but is usually quite a different concept from what the source of that consciousness really thinks (ex: things need to be fair, they should pay for hurting me, they shouldn't have more, this is good/bad, etc.). those are all 2nd-ray forms of perception which allow a society to live peacefully and cohesively, but aren't really what the consciousness *really* thins. the source of any consciousness which inhabits the body is always 1st-ray in perception, which means that it's pure-desire, which means it only sees things it wants as coming toward it (only-attracction). it's not looking to try and count things and make them even, or try and sort out what anyone else is doing; it's pure selfishness: I want this, and it's coming toward me; who cares what anyone else is doing.
so, because the body has learned all of these symbolic aspects which are useful to the society (which are from the consciousness's perspective resisting/blocking the conscioussness source vibration), it must then unlearn them, in order to continue to grow. if the body doesn't unlearn/change these symbolic ideas and keep up with the continually rising consciousness vibration in the body, the resistance starts to produce ailments, old age symtoms (like dimentia and stuff), because of the resistant nature of the society's symbolic system. at some point, because consciousness continues to rise, the body will evntually going to have to face a continually rising amount of resistance as well. there's no way around it.
as the body travels through time, it will continue to experience more and more challenges as it goes along. each time that a challenge is met, the symbolic system that the body started with (ie, what it learned as a child) has to be reworked to accomodate the consciousness. each of those new iterations on default system are going to be a new symbolic system (because the brain is turning cOncept into symbol all of the time). sometimes these new and improved symbolic perspectives (which work for the individual) make it back into society's default system, allowing children to grow up in a system which is already less resistant to the pure-desire perspective.
obviously, pure-desire doesn't really work in a lot of environments, and a species that has only a pure-desire perspective wouldn't last long at all, getting completely exterminated in an environment of warfare/conflict, so a sort of hybrid system between pure-desire and something robotic (pure-symbol) is necessary, which is why 2nd-ray perspective is the one that our brains use, and also the stars. it would be impossible for any one of us to actually receive our own source consciousness signal directly, so the stars act as a sort of transformer, taking in the really high frequency vibration (extreme subatomic) of the body's source signal, and converting it into a symbolic signal (just barely subatomic, like quarks and stuff) which the body can actually use. I will call this transformed version of the self as the "solar-soul", which is you -- just a you that's imagined through the solar perspective
	as an example, imagine a 2nd-ray person was able to conjure me: they're taking in my solar-soul signal and transforming it into a signal which is comprehensible to them and their own form of perception and that shows up as a real tangible entiity which they can touch and feel and behaves just like I am -- but their form of perception is less than the solar-soul version, so it's slightly limited, just like the solar-soul version is a limited version of the source version. so then the 2nd-ray person that conjured my solar-soul and turned it into an (physically manifested) astral person, they're doing the same thing that a star does when they cOnjure my 1st-ray source, and turn it into the 2nd-ray solar-soul.
I do believe that the actual physical body of the person, which is connected to the solar-soul (which is connected to its source) does have a feedback effect on the star (which is 2nd-ray) every time that the consciousness comes up with a new (symbolic) way to perceive its reality (like the-manual). the way that the body works, there is a symbolic aura around it (just like the star), and that influences other people, which means that a every new symbolic form of perception realised is constantly at war with other systems (we only need to be in close enough proximity that our auras have a significant enough of an interaction), and that interaction between our auras, I believe is the feedback system that the star is using to constantly update its own solar-soul version of you (and others), to be even more ideal.
	think of it like this: if we could all live live in harmony, that would be an ideally perceived 2nd-ray system, but the reality is there are many other astral installations (both mental and physical) which disallow that ideal 2nd-ray system from being accomplished (it's a bit like how the body resists its source vibration as it gets older and learns more and more symbolic things society teaches it). so, because of conflicting symbolic perspectives of reality (both mental (like religions) and physical (like pyramids)), it's actually not possible for any 2nd-ray perspective to be universally accepted, unless everyone is using the same ruler (mentally and physically). the compatible system between the solar-soul reality and the physical reality, is the "solar-regime". it's basically the secondary transformer, transforming the totality of all solar-souls ideal self into a cohesive reality where all the solar-souls can be in the same reality. if we can all be in the same (symolic) reality, then our auras won't be causing too much conflict with each other (not in a significant way, anyway), and so things would work out -- however, there are always small amounts of conflict just in the form of perference (say I like tea and you like coffee, or whatever), which means there is always going to be some amount of dissonance between our auras, which is given as feedback to the star, so that I'm more inclined to find myself around those I'm more (symbolically) compatible with (say around tea drinkers than coffee drinkers). this is how factions are created, and why like-minds group together in countries and even socially (thank the sun, I guess).
	there are some aspects of society which are very against collaboration, and like-minds coming together -- because it's difficult for them to *control* people who work together, so they're actually working against the sun and attraction in general, to try and maintain *control* (or whatever their reasons are). so, unfortunately, the sun has to try and find a way for the controllers to have a system where they can be as controlling as they want, yet still find a way for attraction to work. all of the dissonance that occurs from those trying to inhibit attraction, just causes the sun to output more and more, until it's finally time for a new solar-regime again. pure-desire is always diametrically opposed to pure-symbol (everything static, and nothing changing), which means that the solar/2nd-ray perspective is all about compromise and balance between differing symbolic perspectives.
if the body is capable of keeping up with the constantly increasing consciousness vibration, I believe there is a transition point where the cosciousness/source interacts directly with the body, and no longer through the mediator of the solar-soul. at that time, I have no idea what would happen,-- but for sure some things can be predicted: 1. that person's symbolic perspective will be only come from the body (no longer from the star), and 2. that person will have a pure-desire base perspective of only-attraction.
	I don't know enough about genetics and how vibrating hydrogen works in the mental/physical symbolic systems of earth, I can't really anticpate what that would be like -- but with present genetics, it'd probably equate to me (cause I feel like I'm probably getting close to out-growing my solar-soul perspective) rivaling the star directly with my aura. if that were to happen, because of the sun, it would require a completely different solar-regime, and probably everyone to get on the same page as me. I don't think there's any way to stop it, either.
so, when it comes to who "you" *really* are, I'd have to say that it's a continual process of trying to figure out a new symbolic system which can explain reality *for you*. nobody can tell you what that is, and even the sun, doesn't have a big enough picture (it's just one tiny star in a very big universe) to be able to pin it down either -- and definitely not in a concrete way for the society that you live in, either. each person has to find a way to become theirself by improving upon their symbolic system (ie what they believe), until they figure it out, or die. don't worry if you don't make it, cause it's not the end; just another beginning. consciousness is trying to figure out how to have the pure-desire perspective in many different (symbolic) environments -- kinda like an AI, actually.

#### 2024-05-15 14:00 - commentary on the sirians

star system to look at is the sirius star system. one of the stars (sirius b) is extremely high density and outputs pretty much only x-ray+ light frequencies. the fact that it's in orbit with a main sequence star (sirius a) is indicative of the fact that over many years, they've developed a symbolic system which is capable of allowing the body to consistently be able to receive its source signal.
however, it's boring; though they have really good conditions, and because of their symbolic system and the standard education everyone receives, every single body that's born reaches the ability to get direct connection to its source (out-growing the solar-soul). there, it's basically guaranteed because it's the way their system works, but here it's almost impossible -- though I'll probably be the first to accomplish it, if I don't decide to do something else instead (I'm not terribly concerned about death or sabotaging my own trajectory toward too good of conditions (I like extreme difficulty)). in fact, I find it quite invigourating that (dispite others' efforts to convince me LOA isn't a thing, and no I don't have a "source") I'm still making quite good progress toward actually becoming directly connected to my source in a physical body (I'll call this the step-6, in abraham's 5-step process).
the other thing that makes the sirians (symbolic) system not as exciting as being in a place (like earth) where the difficulty is much higher, is that it sorta has a cap to it. their system has been optimised so much over the years, that there isn't much room for improvement on it -- and once they get direct access to their source, then what? sure, there are good conditions, but I guarantee you, that source wants to constantly create new things.
	so just think about this conceptually for a moment: every vibrational interaction makes double the amount, which means that the size of the universe is blowing up exponentially (though we only see a very small fraction of it). the other thing is that,there's no way to change how LOA works, so the universe will continue to blow up exponentially in size, and will do that forever -- so that means that there will always be more and more new stuff, and there's no way to stop it. there can never be a time when the universe decides that it wants to become less, so the *only* thing that can be done is to accept that growth and expansion is inevitable, and to just keep creating new and exciting things. it's impossible for anyone to control the whole universe, or find a way to make every part of the universe a reflection of theirself (though you can become a reflection of the universe, and that makes the universe a reflection of you) becoming its main influencer -- because the whole thing is a giant chaotic mess. there is so much diversity and so many different symbolic systems (perspectives) out there, that it'd be impossible to be able to conquer all of that. it's also impssible to be able to expand a symbolically motivated empire faster than the universe itself is expanding -- so conquest is only really a concept that can work in a limited/closed system. the *only* thing that can be done after some time is to create.
to comment on this idea from my perspective, if I were sirian and I grew up in their society, once I get connected to my source, I'll want to create new things, but from the perspective of their symbolic system (which is nearly perfect at accomplishing the connection of one's source), it's impossible to see something new which accomplishes something even greater than their system -- so, the only thing really to do at that point is to create things that *don't work* -- in effort of seeing what actually works out of the don't work category. what I mean is (just like the language a person speaks or the programming language something is written in), the symbolic system which creates the new thing limits what can be created. therefore, they can only create what they already see/know, because the symbolic system removes all of the chaotic stuff that's "unnecessary" or "distracting" (just like the brain filters out chaos and only shows the consciousness what is recognisble to it). so, personally, I would find my creativity *extremely limited* in the sirian system. I wouldn't do well there, and would actually be sort of a troublemaker in their setup -- because I want to do *new* things. so, to do *new* things, I have to come somewhere else where there are also troublemakers (and a chaotic system), and do new things there, instead -- which is probably why I'm in the earth system, not the sirian system. so, to sum it all up, I'd say that I'm a bit adverse to good conditions which guarantee success, and instead prefer the chaos of creating new things in adverse conditions.
